chore(rn): Add note about zero bytes size bundle with Hermes on Android (#6011)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/hermes.mdx

You will upload the `index.android.bundle` and `index.android.bundle.map` for Android, `main.jsbundle` and `main.jsbundle.map` for iOS.

</Note>

<Note>

> The `index.android.bundle` file will be uploaded with 0 bytes size. This is expected with Hermes bytecode and doesn't affect the source maps resolution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When uploaded, the `index.android.bundle` file will be sized at 0 bytes. This is expected with Hermes bytecode and won't affect the source maps resolution.
```
